hey so what's up Stephen how's it going
just looking at pictures of babies I
just got this amazing opportunity to go
on a worth of episode and do cheaper she
spends a day cool
yeah but my girlfriend is right now in
Ohio so she can't do it oh you want me
and Tyler to do it yes I would love that
only for you Stephen yes take a bag are
we going to Vegas no no we're not going
to Vegas today we're gonna try out three
different dates at three drastically
different price points and we're gonna
see which one is the most worth it at
this price
unfortunately my girlfriend is currently
in Ohio okay all right P she's not dead
so I thought who better to bring on
these dates then my favorite couple of
busting thank you PC you're not coming
with us
I want you to be there how about filming
I think it sounds great cuz we're going
all the way to Vegas so you know we're
not going to Vegas going to Vegas baby
not do we said to say it's Vegas II
Vegas that's it
all right we're here at Dockweiler Beach
I brought my friends Soph and Tyler to
enjoy the beautiful day I packed them a
nice lunch the coolest thing about the
beach into so many different things
literally the world is your oyster haha
on the beach yay look all your kids it's
so nice out here it is amazing so I set
up our linkit baby yeah ty let's see
what Steven Pat does yeah for lunch
oh yeah I love you I love the beach all
the vision always been into the beach
kind of like water peeps no do I love
the beach but it's a beautiful day
that's so cathartic like you know the
smell just relax a win
well obviously like living in LA you're
never too far from the beach so it's
always that kind of an easy option
getting to the beach maybe it's like
gasp ah status there's like this great
eye dynamic we're like there's gonna be
like restaurants an ice cream in place
you get something to drink
close by right Tyler's a cheap date
what's happening napping
how about that beach though it's
fantastic I'm always your favorite part
of that why do you nice won't happen
yeah time he was actually really
relaxing I feel like the inner child
inside of me comes out at the beach a
pack
did you know that date-palms will take
up to four to eight years before bearing
fruits was a long incubation yeah it's
like dating somebody in real life takes
48 years to have babies you said it not
me what I don't actually takes a lot
less time than that this state is a
middle price day usually it's more of a
wooing day Morgan good to know you day
we're gonna go to a picking class hmm
Sophia's never gone painting with me
such this is a perfect activity to try
we're already you know two years in so
it's not like oh wow that a painting
deal-breaker
[Music]
I'm an Bridges and we're in my studio
today the class that we're doing today
is called introduction to acrylic
painting aprons thank you it's been a
while since I've worn an apron I want to
start by saying the class is supposed to
be fun you can have a little bit of
pressure if you come to an art class
about doing it perfectly and the point
is to be here and just relax for two
hours I start out by just talking a
little bit about how color works in the
light and in the shadow and then I put a
still-life up and to show them step by
step on how to start how to get the
color in and how to finish this makes a
really unique day it's really
light-hearted I think Sophia and Tyler
are going to do great
I'm not great at painting but it's just
really fun especially when there's no
expectations for perfection now I'm
worried about is trying to achieve
painting that just cuz like I know I can
oh yeah you're gonna be so surprised
[Music]
that's beautiful Sofia that's perfect my
inner overachievers like thank you I'm
hearing like these good compliments for
Sophia's I'm really excited to see what
she's done over there you're doing great
- all right well I've actually
consciously been holding off and looking
at Sophia's until this point so why
don't we turn each other's over and show
one two three
who here is good here's this mine looks
like a five-year-old did it yo know that
the colors are good actually they're
actually good being be good go ahead
looks ago is it gross mm-hmm
thank you so much oh thank you we had a
great art to path I'm absolute like took
me right back into like me and my school
days I love having you posted
beautifully it was really fun oh I
really liked it yeah it was a very
innocent and sweet date and it made me
want to pinch your cheeks yeah I just
did your Facebook date that 43% of
singles have fallen in love with
somebody
okay they were not initially attracted
to her that sounds familiar that says
yeah that's all right
Mike you know I always always nothing
true alcohol for Safi pups Tyler and I
were friends for a while before I
started dating so I think that we grew
into it and now finally the most
expensive most luxurious stay tuned
Tyler
me and soft are gonna take you on a
romantic helicopter ride across Los
Angeles what yeah what yeah helicopter
ride this is an awesome way to close the
day boil alert I am afraid of heights
okay but Steven you can't leave us now
[Music]
my name is Vinita I'm the helicopter
pilot here and I'll be taking Tyler and
Sofia on a tour tonight I think the
coolest part about this date is that
it's something that we never really get
to do and we have barely ever done or
even thought of doing we roll them up
and we bring them to the hangar there is
a Cabana here that overlooks the airport
oh wow okay this is like the rainforest
cafe so you can see all the airplanes
coming in and out of here and they get a
cup of roses champagne couple of French
paces so it's a very intimate thing for
45 minutes to do before the tour so much
harder to eat that way then I start
walking them out to the helicopter we
take a couple pictures in front of the
helicopter again the safety briefing I
load them up and then we're on our way
to whatever route that they chose for
the night what's great is that it's
different and you get to see the city in
a different perspective that most people
don't get to in their lifetime I mean I
think I'll be fine I think will be some
adrenaline I think Stephen might cry
yeah and I think that it's gonna be a
great time yeah the state was gonna be
that much better cuz students gonna be
up there with us right so
[Music]
great tour over Van Nuys over to
Calabasas over Topanga Canyon yes all
Will Smith's house that was the
highlight I mean Wilson Assizes being
affluent but then we got to be like
right over sort of the ocean like right
outside of Malibu and that was so cool
and this is places that we've been to a
lot we've jumpin up and down that Malibu
PCH right there and like see it from
this angle was just it was incredible I
like to imagine a little bit like a
Jasmine in Aladdin like magic carpet
ride yeah okay just with Stephen and
Vinita there's where
it was really fun to do because it's
more just like we get to look at stuff
and hang out rather than trying to like
cruise that said again even if you were
early in a date and you held off sort of
the romantic time until afterwards it's
a perfect date absolute great date
[Music]
romance that's the definition of it
right there guys we did it tripod it
went on three days except this is mostly
for you guys it was a little bit it was
a tripod yeah so obviously all these
date options were amazing but if you get
to choose one which day did you feel
like wasn't much worth it I thought the
helicopter date was so cool yeah so glad
we got to do it but it just isn't
something that I would see us doing on
the red-eye like the painting date just
if it was a little bit out of something
we usually do you don't get you like
planned little activities that got
together I think that the each date was
the best really simple it really let us
feel to talk you want to say thank you
guys passing these needs out for me we
had a good time
we need a call upon the third wheel and
be like hey like listen we're trying to
go to this place I don't know hurt Vegas
alright third leg of the tripod yes
confirmed
next episode hey Karthi Vegas baby Vegas
baby
confirmed